this video is an association with
Netflix please sign up for your free
trial of the link in the description
hello guys it's kaz UK here and welcome
to the winners video today for giveaway
16 which was for squid grips I carbons
control freaks mud sticks wraps cases
zagg shield sprays ok low surprises
loads of chances for you guys to win now
as you can see down here we had 934
valid comments ok once they were put
into the IGM giveaway machine and the
entries were scrubbed out which were
duplicates we were left with 784 valid
entries then what i did is i copied and
pasted that list into random.org list
randomizer so when I randomize the top
three people will be inspected to make
sure they have done the criteria of the
giveaway before I click randomized guys
I want to tell you about the next
giveaway I have managed to secure some
HD PVR gaming editions from hauppage
which will be given away from a be
youtube but we're looking at doing a
facebook giveaway first so if you guys
but get a thumbs up on this video the
more likes and favorites um we get on
this video the more PVR's i can give
away I've definitely got one but
obviously if I get the more likes I get
the more i'll give away so i'm just
going to click randomized ok and the top
three entries entrance we're just going
to double check them out on youtube to
make sure they have valid winners ok so
4 / Panzer villa is the first one we're
going to try out we're going to make
sure we go find and we're going to write
beardo the gamer because that's who you
had to sub 2 ok he commented I want to
win subscribe to bid odor gamer and he
also liked the video so congrats mate
you're the first one next one is exotic
gaming so we're just going to go youtube
/a sorted gaming and we're just going to
double check out his feet and make sure
he's done the criteria to so bitterly
gamer right he's liked he's subscribed
to be there to gamer and these are
commented as well so I congrats me you
are the third winner so now we're just
going to check out soldier 786 for life
ok we're just gonna go to youtube again
forward slash his use names if I could
get that right put forward slash in
there hurry up and load internet that's
great right okay next one right here we
go he's like the video he subscribed to
be a gamer and he commented which is
great so you free guys are the winners
so we're just going to highlight your
names here there you go let's get rid of
that actually drive me nuts they do
yeah actually there's your free use
names of the winners guys okay I'm just
going to copy their usernames there you
go Panzer villa exotique gaming and
soldier 786 for life you three guys are
the winners your links will be in the
description to your channels if you
contact me on skype my user name is
casual within seven days I will sort
your prizes out and then we'll go from
there but like I said it before guys
I've been speaking to her pal today and
if we go to my facebook page adios I'll
let me do copy facebook let's go
facebook.com for / casual UK you can see
on my facebook page i put a post up this
afternoon saying that i'm going to be
arranging HD PVR giveaway gaming edition
one so be sure to go check out my
facebook page and like that post as well
the more likes of the post I'll get on
there a better really and the more I can
give away because hope are going to see
all this exposure for you guys that you
want them given away so thanks for
watching the video today guys make sure
you go check out my channel subscribe
like I said I've got a sick sick
giveaway coming up soon for the hop on
YouTube gaming channel which will be the
her park XD p vr gaming edition that
will be run through my facebook and
apologies UK facebook so thanks watching
today guys it's been really appreciated
the what to the video keep supporting my
channel i will provide more giveaways
more videos more unboxings gaming we've
used giveways etc etc just subscribe
you'll see it all thanks for watching
today guys thanks for all the support on
the channel and I appreciate you guys so
so much cheers guys play